as a team it doesn't feel like we're
very confident right now and also we're
just not making those kind of like
action calls well clutch just forced
golden Guardians out of playoffs and
Apollo in order dance on their grave has
insisted that I can only interview him
exclusively in front of this golden
Guardians saying just I think you're
gonna light this on fire halfway through
liter V right so that was not sure at
all of Travis forced me to do this I
would how dare you suggest my credible
this is brought to you by Omni slash by
the way let's get into the interview so
it's been a while since I've interviewed
you what's been going on it's been a
while since we want this is true it's
going well we actually know that's a lie
we're not doing well I know it's not not
going well at all
I do you like that you default to
positivity though you're like it's going
well actually oh man I forgot it's not
going well yeah yeah we haven't even
been doing well I don't know it's it's
you know it's rough especially since I
think we thought we're gonna do a lot
better right we we had you know we were
fourth playoff left split we're one game
away from getting second place left foot
and we came in the season think like
pushing for not just playoffs but like
higher seed to playoffs right so it
sucks that we're in this position the
good news is is that I guess we're still
like capable of making playoffs we
probably have to win like our next two
games and even like a tiebreaker at that
and it's totally possible I think I mean
all the other teams are like pretty
strong in out but we still have that
chance and also we have a chance to
ranking gauntlet I think they're like a
really solid chance that maybe Dillon
right now yeah basically like her main
focus just to try and get better because
we know that we're gonna have matches to
play right like this isn't like our
season isn't gonna be over after even
after just the regular season yeah so
now you move forward with this what has
it been like for you cuz you actually
weren't playing for a little bit what
was that experience like for you yeah I
mean we tried different rosters so this
is after like we went oh maybe I think
we went oh four and which is really bad
obviously
wait no sorry maybe was like oh two
or lost some games we lost yeah we lost
some games and the coaching staff
decided that you know it's we should try
other things out because clearly things
weren't working out and I understand I
mean I understood that it sucks and it
really sucks because I don't like being
bench is not fun for anyone no matter
what they say
and they you know they tried out piglet
Billy a Vulcan moon the the three core
of those and it didn't really work out
very well either and I came back
afterwards it still hasn't really like I
mean you know it hasn't like changed too
much but I think we're still more
comfortable like the core five and from
rear spring split of course and it was
yeah I mean it was still nice bill like
look at the team from outside
perspective and kind of see that we
still do have like the same issues even
when they're in right I think a good
example is when we were playing versus
or when they are playing versus hundred
thieves and it was just like you know 50
minutes of or sorry it was like fifty
minute game longest game of the split
and it was just 2025 minutes of them
bearing dancing and like I feel like if
I was in piglet shoes I feel like we'd
do the same thing right or if like us if
everyone else was like replaced back
into them I feel like we would do the
same thing and I think it's good for us
too
really it was good for me like look at
them like okay what you know when I play
again like if I play again I want to try
and fix that like I want to fix that
issue so I mean I think it was like an
obvious problem anyways but I think
that's just a good example kind of give
you like an outside perspective yeah
yeah for sure now what what was your
take on on golden Guardians that came
because unfortunately they weren't able
to turn around there is a really
interesting battle at the beginning at
red buff very interesting maybe maybe we
can hone in on that at least at first
well we had a really strong level one so
we had a zero Brom trend was like you
know okay but it's many of the fact the
way does a Brom and we want to we want
to try to get this Nocturne behind
because Nocturne is just a really weak
champion early on and we try to go for
an invade and basically their little one
isn't like weak but they basically just
poked us out and in order for us to win
that we had to actually like fight them
and like go in aggressively but we
didn't make that call and we just just
weren't
playing that aggressive on them and
eventually just kind of stalemated and
we didn't really have a good plan going
into it clearly we didn't know they're
gonna just like stack their for uniform
and we kind of thought that would be
push them off and they didn't and then
eventually I think you like ended up
being three one they got like three
kills we only got one kill and this I
mean the the Ziya like ended up being in
lane with dual swords which sucks but we
we were covered we went for like can
gank mid I think we blues flash or I
forgot exact what happened I wasn't
there but we played pretty well
considering the fact that we liked about
level 1 it just I mean kind of just
shows I like we're still are pretty
pretty bad you know any man like and not
to like flame golden writings but
they're pretty bad to you for not being
with like they're pretty bad due for not
being like you know push that lead and
we're just like yeah I mean these are
just like we're just bottom teams right
now I think it's it's fair to say that
we both didn't play the situation
properly right and yeah I think it's
something that we have to work on it was
just really bad for two birds TSM I
think right yeah in reflection what went
what has happened to to clutch like why
why it was such a good placing in summer
or sorry in spring and then such a
struggle now in summer I wish I could
tell you like all the reasons because
the thing it's I don't even know right I
think a lot of it has to do with kind of
like trusting each other and just
indecisiveness in general we're as a
team it doesn't feel like we're very
confident right now and also we're just
not making those kind of like action
calls or not we're not it's just like a
lot of feeding information to each other
rather than like saying what we need to
do next
I think that's like the biggest issue
and you can I mean you can kind of see
it right and like the especially like
level one you just see that we're not
really making like a heart like an
aggressive decision or even like in a
decision at all so that's our main issue
I think right now is there is there
anything you would say to any of the
clutch fans out there yeah thank you for
supporting us we we're gonna get better
we're gonna hopefully show up in
gauntlet or even hopefully in playoffs
and yeah thanks for supporting us check
out these new jerseys that we got there
pretty slick
supporting Texas and rush on the clutch
game website yeah you think the jerseys
can turn it around there's an
interesting time to release the Jersey I
think the marketing pitch was like we've
been struggling but now we realize we
need the power of Texas to push forward
that's I mean it seems totally fine to
me thank you thank you as always hope
car accident almost occurred exact
address which of all things e sports
right here of my youtube channel
it's nice thing that Omni slash is still
written on this microphone because it
means that at least someone's giving
Travis money to for things like food
rent mainly to keep them off of my couch
and out of my life so please continue to
help support him and doing that like
subscribe comment do whatever it is that
he needs you to do support him